introduce you to some folks up here this
morning miss Shannon Roberts how are you
good are you I'm good miss wheelchair
Alabama I can read that right there on
her beautiful little sash there and of
course Matt and Tiffany Pittman we're
talking about adoptions and fiddlers
convention doesn't that mix well it's a
family affair but let's talk with you
first Shannon how are you I'm good good
well congratulations how many people
were involved in your pageant our site
pageant there was only two only two
supposed to be three but we just say
that the third girl saw the competition
and couldn't handle it hey that's all
right one is a congratulations now you
participate in the fiddlers convention
what do you do there um I work with
three different clubs the Art Club Phi
Theta Kappa which is the honor society
and SGA so we do several different
things and also work in career services
so we sell the arts and crafts booths
which is very important to know yeah
they sell out every year we turned down
over a hundred people this year Wow what
is the best when is the best time or how
can people contact you or when should
they contact the university to get those
boots to maybe get in um they need to
call early in the year to get on the
mailing list if they're not already on
it okay the packets go out in the middle
of July and get their paperwork in as
soon as possible all right I just want
to thank miss Debbie Blakely for
introducing me to you this year at the
special needs Rodion it was really nice
and glad you made your way up here this
morning Wow I had a lot of fun at the
rodeo and you know getting up this
morning was a little tough but you
didn't like it at all you can say it no
matter wait but I'm good okay we're
gonna talk about a benefit coming up
right now Matt and Tiffany Pittman with
us this morning now this is about
adoptions tell me a little bit about it
we started the adoptions already say
back in May we'd been praying about it
for several years but kind of made me
commit
in May and started our home study
process what do people do I mean have
you adopted a child or what made you get
involved in that I was saying my pledge
I have a pledge sister from when I was
at the University of Alabama named Robin
and she was adopted her and her little
sister and I just got to see how
adoption looked lived out you know and
how much she loves her parents and how
much they adore her and I think it just
kind of planted I see you know John
Dee's always says you know if you're
adopted you're extremely special because
you were chosen for most of our parents
just got stuck with that's right well
Matt what tell me about the benefit
concert when is it and what can people
accept October eighth Jimmy Needham's
gonna be the headliner and kimber
risings gonna be opening up for for him
we're at Bob Jones high school in
Madison and it's a it's an auditorium
that holds 14 hundred seats and you know
where our game plan is to pack it out so
we hope that that's that's the outcome
but you know it's a Jimmy's from Dallas
and he's a you know fortunately he had
an opening and schedule right when we
were 12 do this and was more than
willing to help us out as well if
they're in charge are you taking
donations how would that work we're
doing donations you know it's it's on
you know it's yeah it doesn't give so
much yeah yeah I mean it's just you know
heart's definitely an adoption you know
God spoke to Tiffany's heart early on
and I was like all right listen uh let's
let's see how this was going to go but
we went with lifeline adoption agency in
Birmingham and I you know he just hoped
my heart and we've been 100% ever ever
since then so
congratulations to both of you and
everybody get out to Bob's Joe Bob Jones
high school participate in that in its
october one October a Saturday but next
all right october eight for that if you
need more information you can contact me
Zee TV at Jamie Cooper com headed over
to Jay was that Bob Jones ring at Bob
Jones that's right go church